Notes from May 2022 meeting (#17)
nilearn/admin: meeting_notes/2022/10_05_2022.rst

General points
--------------

- CZI grant:
    - `To-do list and material needed for this round <https://github.com/nilearn/Applications/tree/main/2022-CZI-EOSS-Cycle-5>`_
    - who is the grant's PI ?
    - what do we need in terms of official (University) support ?
    - ~~Need letters from other partners projects (fitlins, MNE, ...) ?~~
- CircleCI:
    - we have bought a plan (currently working)

>     - after discussing th CircleCI people there seems to be a free OSS plan (tbc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - after discussing with the CircleCI people, there seems to be a free OSS plan (tbc)
```

- updates on Brainhack OHBM'22 
    - Hao-ting, Elizabeth attending in person, Bertrand virtually, Taylor (probably) virtually
    - Prepare labels for issues related to Brainhack (Hao-Ting can help Yasmin with this)

Open Issues and PRs
-------------------

-  Setting up nilearn development environment per instructions fails as tbb is not installed (`#3244 <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues/3244>`_)
    -  Taylor: I think this is `mkl`'s fault, and I was unable to reproduce with `conda`, so it could be homebrew-specific as well. Do we even need `mkl`? It's a docs-specific requirement, and I don't know where it's used.
    -  Gael: Remove mkl dependency.
-  Issues when using matplotlib version 3.5.1 (`#3236 <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues/3236>`_)
    -  Yasmin could not reproduce issue
    -  Will give another nudge to contributer to reproduce on public data 
- `0.9.1` tests fail with 4 `Assertion Errors` in `interfaces/fmriprep/tests/test_load_confounds.py` (`#3232 <https://github.com/nilearn/nilearn/issues/3232>`_)
    - Hao-Ting: Rounding error? How to proceed with this kind of bug
        - Increase the length of the simulated signal

>         - Investigate the collinearality of the confounds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Investigate the collinearity of the confounds
```
